DSM Node.js setup page min version requirement for Lambda/SQS (#32282)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_streams/setup/language/nodejs.md

| Amazon SNS      | [client-sns](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws-sdk/client-sns)                          | {{< dsm-tracer-version lang="nodejs" lib="client-sns" type="minimal" >}}                 | {{< dsm-tracer-version lang="nodejs" lib="client-sns" type="recommended" >}}                 |
| Google Pub/Sub  | [google-cloud/pubsub](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@google-cloud/pubsub)                | {{< dsm-tracer-version lang="nodejs" lib="google-cloud-pubsub" type="minimal" >}}        | {{< dsm-tracer-version lang="nodejs" lib="google-cloud-pubsub" type="recommended" >}}        |

> #### Support for AWS SQS with AWS Lambda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Support for Amazon SQS with AWS Lambda
```

> To monitor data streams for Node.js Lambda functions calling AWS SQS, SNS, or Kinesis, use Datadog's Node.js Lambda tracer, [`datadog-lambda-js` v.12.128.0+][8].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor data streams for Node.js Lambda functions calling Amazon SQS, SNS, or Kinesis, use Datadog's Node.js Lambda tracer, [`datadog-lambda-js` v.12.128.0][8] or later.
```
